Master Wan's surname is Wan
Wan Jiaqi is also surnamed Wan
Could it be that he is
Okay, you go to work first
Well, then, I'll come back to you later.
Who the hell are you?
We have been classmates for so many years
You don't know me.
What about him? Isn't he a bride?
What does he have to do with you?
Ok Wan Jiaqi
I see it now.
Are you looking for this woman to be an actress?
Who is the inexplicable acting for?
How does Xiaoxue speak?
What if Wan Jiaqi gets married today?
Is Wan Shao getting married?
He just rubbed against other people's venues
You can save a lot of money, hahaha.
You even dare to waste Master Wanjie's wool
You are not afraid that people will take your skin off
I can't help it.
Who let him have no money?
Oops, you said the same surname is Wan.
Why is the gap so big?
Hahaha, why don't you kowtow to me?
Make me happy
I'll sponsor you today.
What are you yelling about?
Today is the wedding of the young master
You can afford to disturb the nature of the young master